Join the android soft link
is in the description hello all
program android informer game which
further we will talk called for simpson
tap it out
the story of the game says that after fail
the experiment performed by homer
simpson in the city of springfield occurred
atomic explosion as a result of which all
city ​​buildings were destroyed
and the inhabitants were just outside
your main task
this completely rebuild the city for
so that people can return their
at home you must own
making money by building while
various buildings apartment houses shops
shopping centers
you play as different characters from
simpson families
and other game graphics lined up
maximum hd resolution and all objects
beautiful and not boring eyes
every house is a diner park excellent
traced to the smallest detail in the game
too many conversations and veiled
products such as well-known companies ipad and
ipod
the tutorial in the game is very clear and convenient
the beginning of the game you are as always in all games
you gain experience and it's easy to dial
mild heartburn
to play was even more interesting and
more exciting to master better
English because the game is not
Russian-speaking and still unclear species and and
will bring in the game is present
American humor and it will not be clear
all if you don’t go into this
the game homer reminds you in the notice
for simpson in the market is not available our
country but also the fallback is four
pounds or other file sites as
I have a game just a great timekiller and
spend a couple of hours in a row and not notice
how dark outside the window is easy
game we evaluate characters from the absence
multiplayer and Russian language
I hope the developers will add the game
Russian google play and give the opportunity
visit friends who will leave
last comments on this video that
gets any paid google game
play within 100 rubles last
the comment is considered to be the one after
which in 24 hours will not
left any other comment
spam and more than two comments a day
will be punished by blocking everyone thanks
put your thumbs up for watching
subscribe to the channel all bye